Update readme (#293)
biomage-ltd/api: README.md

API
======

> A nodejs service that does the following:

Reviewer: Do you think maybe it would be good to add a little background about the API's role before listing the specifics?

Author: What about this? Is there anything else that you'd add?

Reviewer: Yup, I think that looks good, it's quite explanatory

- Authorizes and validates requests. 
- Creates and starts gem2s and qc state machines for Data Processing module.

> - Creates a SQS queue and assigns available worker to an experiement that needs one for Data Exploration tasks.

Reviewer: We need the worker for clustering (in data processing) and the dot plot (in plots and tables) too

Once installed, run `aws configure`. You will need an AWS access & secret key for the configuration. Alternatively you can use the example data provided below:

```bash
AWS Access Key ID: BLABLAEXAMPLE
AWS Secret Access Key: BLABLABLAEXAMPLEKEY
Default region name: eu-west-1
Default output format: json
```

#### Step 1. Connect with Inframock

> Inframock is a tool that we have developed in order to run Cellenics locally, without the need to access AWS resources. It enables local end-to-end testing and development and it is compulsory to up when developing a new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inframock is a tool that we have developed in order to run Cellenics locally, without the need to access AWS resources. It enables local end-to-end testing and development and it is compulsory to have it running when developing a new feature.
```

[2020-12-18T07:06:21.112Z] redis:reader Connection ready.
```

#### Step 3. Run the UI locally

> This is required for running the API with a local version of the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is required to run the API with a local version of the UI.
```

Go to the [UI repo](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/ui) and follow the instructions in the README to set it up and start it on a separate terminal.
After the UI service is started, any request from the UI will be automatically forwarded to the API and vice versa.

#### Step 4. Run the pipeline locally

> This is required for working on the Data Processing module of Cellenics or you want to obtain an .rds file for the Data Exploration module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is required for working on the Data Processing module of Cellenics or if you want to obtain an `.rds` file for the Data Exploration module.
```

Go to the [pipeline repo](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/pipeline) and follow the instructions in the README to set up and start it on a separate terminal.
After the pipeline service is started, any request from the API will be automatically forwarded to the pipeline and vice versa.

#### Step 5. Run the worker locally

This is required for running the API with a local version of the worker.
Go to the [worker repo](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/worker) and follow the instructions in the README to set up and start it on a separate terminal.
After the worker service is started, any request from the API will be automatically forwarded to the worker by default and the reponse from the worker will be received back by the API.

## Deployment

The API is deployed as a Helm chart to an AWS-managed Kubernetes cluster. The deployment is handled by the cluster Helm operator and the [API Github Actions workflow](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/api/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yaml). 

During a deployment, API Github Actions workflow does the following:
- It pushes new API images to ECR.

> - Adds API-specific configurations to the [nodejs Helm chart](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/iac/tree/master/charts/nodejs), that is used for the deployment of the API. Pushes those API-specific configuration changes in [releases/](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/iac/tree/master/releases) folder in iac, under the relevant environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds API-specific configurations to the [nodejs Helm chart](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/iac/tree/master/charts/nodejs), that is used for the deployment of the API. 
- Pushes the API-specific configuration changes into the [releases/](https://github.com/hms-dbmi-cellenics/iac/tree/master/releases) folder in iac, under the relevant environment.
```
